chore(main): release hugr-py 0.17.0 (#3041)
Quantinuum/hugr: hugr-py/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.17.0](https://github.com/Quantinuum/hugr/compare/hugr-py-v0.16.0...hugr-py-v0.17.0) (2026-06-05)

This release includes some improvements to the hugr serialization, adds a fast
hugr linking utility, and allows aliases for metadata keys.

The `hugr-model` serialization now tracks granular information about

> which extensions versions requirements. This improves error reporting on missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extensions' versions requirements. This improves error reporting on missing
```

extensions and opens the way for extension version migrations in the future.

Support for bare `.json` HUGR files has been removed. JSON-encoded envelopes are
still supported, but will be removed in the future.
To convert old JSON files, add the following header and footer to the file:
```rs
PREPEND = r#"HUGRiHJv?@{"modules": ["#;
APPEND = r#"],"extensions": []}"#;

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
PREPEND = b'"HUGRiHJv?@{"modules": ["'
APPEND = b'"],"extensions": []}"'
```
```
since this is Python?
